def generate_cluster_recommendations(cluster):
    recommendations = []

    if cluster == 0:
        recommendations.append("1. Increase Green Spaces: Develop new parks and green belts, and enhance existing urban green spaces to improve vegetation and lower temperatures.")
        recommendations.append("2. Implement Cool Roofing Materials: Use reflective or cool roofing materials to reduce heat absorption in buildings and lower indoor temperatures.")
        recommendations.append("3. Promote Green Roofs and Walls: Integrate green roofs and vertical gardens to cool building surfaces and improve urban air quality.")
        recommendations.append("4. Introduce Water Features: Add water bodies such as fountains or ponds in urban areas to enhance cooling effects and mitigate heat.")
        recommendations.append("5. Encourage Energy-Efficient Buildings: Adopt energy-efficient design and construction practices to reduce overall heat emissions from buildings.")

    elif cluster == 1:
        recommendations.append("1. Maintain and Expand Green Areas: Continue to nurture and expand existing green spaces to sustain their cooling benefits.")
        recommendations.append("2. Enhance and Preserve Water Bodies: Focus on maintaining and improving water bodies to ensure they continue to provide cooling effects.")
        recommendations.append("3. Utilize Cool Pavements: Implement reflective or cool pavements for roads and walkways to reduce heat absorption.")
        recommendations.append("4. Adopt Energy-Efficient Building Practices: Further promote energy-efficient building practices to decrease heat production and consumption.")

    elif cluster == 2:
        recommendations.append("1. Increase Green Spaces: Expand urban green areas by creating new parks, planting additional trees, and developing green belts.")
        recommendations.append("2. Expand Water Bodies: Introduce more water features and increase the percentage of water bodies in urban areas to enhance cooling effects.")
        recommendations.append("3. Implement Cool Roofing and Pavements: Use cool roofing materials and pavements to minimize heat absorption and reduce overall temperatures.")
        recommendations.append("4. Encourage Building Modifications: Upgrade existing buildings with energy-efficient materials and design modifications to minimize heat generation.")
        recommendations.append("5. Promote Urban Greening Projects: Support and invest in urban greening initiatives to boost vegetation and improve air quality.")

    return recommendations

cluster = 1  
recommendations = generate_cluster_recommendations(cluster)
print("Recommendations:")
for rec in recommendations:
    print(f"- {rec}")
